Rewrite Documentation, following sous-chefs.org guidelines (#250)
sous-chefs/mariadb: documentation/resource_mariadb_client_install.md

# mariadb_client_install

This resource installs mariadb client packages.

## Actions

- `install` - (default) Install client packages

## Properties

Name                | Types             | Description                                                   | Default                                   | Required?
------------------- | ----------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------- | ---------

> `version`           | String            | Version of MariaDB to install                                 | '10.3'                                    | no

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`version`           | String            | Version of MariaDB to install                                 | `10.3`                                    | no
```

Reviewer: I think this stlye *might* look better when it's parsed.

Author: ok will adapt the whole documentation :-D
